how's my quad squad doing it's the man
the myth the legend quad mft here
thankfully bring you guys one of the
coolest advanced warfare videos just
overall Call of Duty videos I when we
bring you guys in a long time now the
reason this is one of the coolest videos
is because specifically looking at the
gameplay this is something that I
expected to never happen yeah I honestly
didn't think it would ever happen but
this is a quick scope only game mode in
advance for prayer I believe it's called
one shot it's in the bonus playlist I
know for sure it's out on the xbox one
and I'm not sure it's most likely out on
the ps3 ps4 xbox 360 and the PC also but
you know I can never be sure because I
don't plan on those with a console but
either way it is for sure out in the
xbox one a quick scope only now you
don't get to make your own classes which
isn't necessarily a bad thing because I
know a lot of people try and cheat and
use dumb attachments on top of their
mores but it's bolt action only and they
turn down the health two minutes cool
you only have the moors and make up five
classes and the five classes are really
good right now i'm using the the class
that gives me an iron sight moore's with
stock which is actually really good i'm
surprised they even have this and then
they have other ones it's like a cog a
regular moore's variable zoom and they
even give you good perks like fast hands
and light weight and stuff like that
that you need so it's a really cool game
but i want you guys to go to check it
out it's a quick scope only game mode in
advance where it's something that we've
been looking forward to release wanting
even way back once it's called 84 so I'm
really happy that sledgehammer has been
keeping up to date in advance for for
kind of doing whatever the fans want
them to do it's something that we
haven't seen implemented by college ed
creator since I've I don't think we've
ever seen implemented really unless you
count like a last holiday to go switch
wasn't even that good in my opinion but
either way hopefully you guys enjoyed
this video go out and play the new
quickscoping game and hopefully enjoyed
this gameplay don't forget to drop like
subscribe join the Quad Squad I may be
doing an open lot it'll open lobby a
little bit later today so make sure to
go out and follow me on Twitter will be
playing someone shop for sure that
sounds like a blast to me that's kind of
reason why I made this video but
hopefully you guys enjoyed this video
again it's been caught mft go to follow
me on twitter at quantum ft link down in
the description below and i'm adding